Update README.md (#372)
apollographql/docs: README.md

It's important to note that you must sign in to and out of your account using Studio or Odyssey, as the docs don't currently have their own sign in form. For local development, sign in to the staging Studio.

### Sidebar annotations

> If you would like an icon with a tooltip for any use-case across the sidebar navigation items (preview tag, experimental tag, etc) - this can be achieved by using an array for the path, where the 0 index is the path, and index 1 is an array of tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like an icon with a tooltip for any use case across the sidebar navigation items (preview tag, experimental tag, etc.), you can use an array for the path, where the first item is the URL path, and the second item is an array of tags.
```
